Update doco (#6442)
OctopusDeploy/Issues: docs/CONTRIBUTING.internal.md

# How we use GitHub Issues

> Note: this page is intended for Octopus team members only. If you're an Octopus user and you've found a bug or something isn't working, please get in touch with [our support team](https://octopus.com/support) instead.

We use this public GitHub repository as a way to communicate with our community about what we are working on for the core Octopus product.

Different teams across Octopus use the public issues in this repository for the following purposes:

- **Engineers**: Use public issues for linking Pull Requests only. This helps with automatically release note generation.
- **Support** and **Customer Success** teams:
  - If you want someone to address an issue, you still need to bring it to the attention of the appropriate team internally, for example, via the requests channel of a Quick Reaction Force.
  - Use public issues to aid communication with customers while waiting on a possible fix. Customers can subscribe to these GitHub issues, you can use them to collate and track relevant support tickets, and publish workarounds for multiple customers in a single place.

> - **Product** teams: Product teams own the Issues list, closing anything that's unlikely to be fixed, and providing context to Support and Customer Success teams as necessary to help manage expectations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Product** teams: Product teams own the Issues list, they will close anything that's unlikely to be fixed and provide context to Support and Customer Success teams as necessary to help manage expectations.
```

## Which repository should I create the issue in?

> If you want to track an Issue that doesn't deserve public attention, track it with an Issue in the [Private GitHub repository](https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/OctopusDeploy/issues). This way we won't lose track of the item, and it won't be involved in automatic release note generation.

Reviewer 2: > and it won't be involved in automatic release note generation
I'm pretty sure we can read release notes from the private repo.

Author: Thanks. Removed that comment.
